mtls: SPIRE server and agent installation (#24765)
cilium-team/cilium: Documentation/helm-values.rst

     - Annotate k8s node upon initialization with Cilium's metadata.
     - bool
     - ``false``
   * - auth.mTLS.port

>      - Port on the agent which is used to mTLS handshakes on

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - Port on the agent where mTLS handshakes between agents will be performed
```

     - int
     - ``4250``
   * - auth.mTLS.spire.adminSocketPath
     - SPIRE socket path where the SPIRE delegated api agent is listening
     - string
     - ``"/run/spire/sockets/admin.sock"``
   * - auth.mTLS.spire.agentSocketPath

>      - SPIRE socket path where the SPIRE workload agent is listening Applies to both the Cilium Agent and Operator

Reviewer 2: Resolve fragments
```suggestion
     - SPIRE socket path where the SPIRE workload agent is listening; applies to both the Cilium Agent and Operator
```

     - string
     - ``"/run/spire/sockets/agent/agent.sock"``
   * - auth.mTLS.spire.connectionTimeout
     - SPIRE connection timeout
     - string
     - ``"30s"``
   * - auth.mTLS.spire.enabled
     - Enable SPIRE integration
     - bool
     - ``false``
   * - auth.mTLS.spire.identities

>      - Identity paths for the SPIFFE URLs, without suffix / SPIFFE URLs will look like spiffe://trust-domain/identity

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - Identity paths for required SPIFFE URLs, without suffix. SPIFFE URLs will look like spiffe://trust-domain/identity
```

     - object

>      - ``{"ciliumAgent":"cilium-agent","ciliumOperator":"cilium-operator","delegatedClient":"dclient"}``

Reviewer: I don't think we will need `dclient`; that was only for testing in my poc. We should trim it everywhere.

Author: do we still need this as the default parent id for all spire identity created by cilium operator ?

Author: I have removed this dclient in our code as well.

   * - auth.mTLS.spire.install
     - Settings to control the SPIRE installation and configuration
     - object
     - ``{"enabled":false,"namespace":"cilium-spire"}``
   * - auth.mTLS.spire.install.enabled

>      - Enable SPIRE installation Note that this will only take effect if auth.mTLS.enabled is true

Reviewer 2: Clarity nit
```suggestion
     - Enable SPIRE installation; this will only take effect if auth.mTLS.enabled is true
```
